I use the int array to store the page number for both FIFO and LRU; also, for LRU, we use another int array to store the most recent page reference count corresponding to certain page number. I use malloc method to create the dynamic size of array, after finishing using the array we free it to let the space to be used efficiently. To save more time, we process the address as long as it enter to the program. I read one line of address instruction, then implements it with the corresponding operation meanwhile. Then going through another coming address line. For further time efficiency, when I check the page number existing before or not, as long as we find exist, we will break the loop without further iterating. I choose three different instance size for the input parameter of sort files; (Small: 100, Medium: 10000, Large 100000). For 100 and 10000, the time to get the output result is very fast, less than seconds. For the Large one(100000), it takes about 4 minutes to get the final answer. The instance size of 1000000 takes nearly 25 minutes to get the final output. In terms of the maximum input, the program spends several hours to complete the simulations.

How to achieve the policy:
FIFO:
I have a variable to store the last update index in TLB, if the arriving page is in current TLB, I will not move the last update index forward. If the arriving page is not in current TLB, I will move forward the last update index, then store to that position. When the last update index is beyond the TLB size, I use mod operation to roll it back.
LRU:
I have the TLBtime array to store the most memory reference count. If the arriving page is in current TLB, I will update TLBtime array to the new memory reference count. If the arriving page is not in current TLB, I will iterate the TLBtime to find the smallest count, which is least recent use page, and replace it with the new page.

Eventually, I have run the program under various cases, so that we record all the outputs in the Execl file. Then, I create the visual representation of the TLB behaviours. As you can see, the performance result plots are all in the report.